extroverts tend to talk loudly quickly
and excitedly introverts tend to speak
quietly and more slowly perhaps you're
worried you won't stand out enough to
accompany interviewing tons of people a
sure way to stand out from the crowd is
to use the serial position effect this
is based on the idea that people tend to
remember the first and last parts of
things and not much of the middle if
you're talking to someone whose eyebrows
are raised and curved they're clearly
surprised to hear what you're saying the
higher the eyebrows go the more
surprised they must be if you frown
people will naturally try to defend and
this subconsciously sets them against
you when you smile you show the other
person that you're happy to talk to them
and that makes them relax and be more
attentive to you the ability to control
your emotions is an important step
towards successful public speaking
your self-consciousness shouldn't stand
in your way when you're trying to
express your point of view and make it
clear to everyone whenever your friend
or date just said paraphrase it and say
it back to them it will tell them that
you've really been listening to them and
paying attention because you have been
this is a great way to have a terrific
and honest conversation crossed hands or
legs mean this person is closed for
conversation or is really anxious you
may want to avoid them
or better yet sue them with something
nice like a cup of tea what are they
wearing
if they look more polished this person
is probably there to impress when you
are trying too hard to impress people
you are likely to show your true self
subconsciously
people will feel you're in sincerity and
won't fall for your performance this
paradox can probably be explained by the
law of reversed effort multiple studies
show that being confident is more
important than being physically
attractive an interesting study
published in the International Journal
of cosmetic science proved that men who
were given some cologne looked visibly
more attractive in photos taken
afterward
have you ever complained about poor
product choices at the grocery store
well even those options that you do have
might be too many for you when you have
too many alternatives your brain freezes
and fails to make a final decision the
giggle it's what you do to suppress
laughter every now and then and
everybody does it not just teenage girls
if you do it when the moment is clearly
not right to crack up
that's called politeness but if a person
has a habit of stopping themselves from
lol a it could be a sign that they're
suppressing something besides laughter
like nervousness or maybe the joke
wasn't that funny just saying if someone
keeps their hand around their mouth and
a conversation they probably have
something to hide guffawing is easily
the most contagious form of laughter you
could call it the real-life equivalent
of the iconic online lol individuals who
have this deep belly laugh are
extroverted and sociable if the person
is looking up and to the right don't
believe everything they say it's likely
they're making up something to tell you
how was your day the weather was good
today right have you heard the news and
by the way I want a pay raise you can
see how fishy that sounds people are
smart and you won't trick anyone like
that so the first point you make in a
conversation should be about what you
want to get eye contact is often
underestimated when it comes to public
speaking people usually get so nervous
that they just look at the wall right in
front of them trying not to get
distracted don't repeat this mistake
ever again I contact makes a
conversation come to life and everyone
in the audience will feel like you're
talking to them personally pick a random
word or phrase and every time the other
person uses it or something close to it
smile and nod if the other person keeps
using that word or phrase that means
they like you just one word can make the
difference between whether or not
someone trusts you in one study
participants heard several
according zuv just the word hello women
said that men who said hello with a deep
pitch on the end of the word sounded
more trustworthy in the reverse men said
they put more trust into the recordings
of people that put a higher pitch on the
end of the word it's all about that
pitch is their style more casual this
could mean that they're relaxed
revealing clothing can be a sign that
they feel the need for attention and
like pushing boundaries your mind can
play some pretty cruel tricks on you for
example if you expect something to be
difficult you unconsciously over
complicate things it's a fact discovered
by a study commissioned by Ladbrokes
men do have selective hearing they can
listen attentively to their female
partners for 6 minutes only but this
time more than doubles to 15 minutes
when they are talking to their male
friends before you start blaming men for
their lack of attention you should know
that women also pay more attention to
conversations with their friends rather
than with their romantic partners who
doesn't like to think that they make
conscious and rational decisions based
on factual analysis unfortunately
nothing is that simple almost all your
choices are made through unconscious
mental processing do you remember
feeling close to your teammates back on
the soccer or baseball team in grade
school
that's because being active with someone
can help you form stronger bonds more
quickly so if you're in a new
relationship or starting a friendship
with someone instead of going to the
movies or out to eat try doing an
activity together that can get your
blood pumping you're in the middle of
telling something you find really
interesting how do you know if someone
is sharing this interest and if you
succeeded in catching their attention
they will subconsciously lean towards
you if you know one of these ROFL errs
keep that person in your life and never
let them go such people have bright
personalities and they're trustworthy
they aren't afraid to show you how they
really feel and will never lie to you or
let you down
if they close their eyes during a
conversation it's an attempt to protect
themselves from what's going on sorry
but they most likely don't enjoy your
company and want to unsee you being
punctual and honoring your commitments
can't go unnoticed and people tend to
respect this kind of attitude more than
any unnecessary heroic efforts or even
personal favor how many people do you
know that can listen to you without
interrupting not that many right that's
why we appreciate good listeners so much
and the earlier you develop this helpful
skill the better when a group of you is
together and laughing pay attention to
who looks at you the most and who you're
looking at as well while people laugh
they tend to look at who they feel they
have the closest bond with this may
sound bizarre but if people close their
eyes and hear you speak they can
probably tell if you're tall or short
taller people tend to have a deeper
voice whereas shorter people tend to
have a higher voice this is true for
both men and women when someone is
puffed up and a little too confident
this could mean a big ego as for those
who are a little more indecisive and
deflated they probably have a low
self-esteem and a real lack of
self-confidence if a person simply holds
their head high they've got pure
confidence
[Music]
vulnerability is an amazing thing when
you aren't afraid to demonstrate it and
feel comfortable about not being ideal
people tend to think that you're perfect
just another paradox of the human mind I
guess very often we get a song we don't
even like stuck in our heads there is an
easy trick to get rid of the annoyance
listen to the song until the very end to
achieve a sense of closure emotional
pain activates the same regions of your
brain as physical pain does this means
that if your co-workers forget to invite
you to a party you'll feel as if they
have physically hit you while you're
talking and getting to know each other
try to point out something you both have
in common maybe you grew up in the same
town or you both have the same alma
mater by doing this the person you're
speaking to will base their assumptions
off this commonality if someone is
always nearby but looks away the same
moment you look at them they still might
be listening look at which ear their
turn to you if it's always the same
they're paying attention maybe it's the
best moment to introduce yourself though
Wiis it usually happens to people who
are boisterous laugher put for some
reason they have to restrain themselves
from letting it out Weezer's have a
great sense of humor but they prefer to
hide it to seem more serious and
professional if the person is holding
eye contact for longer than 7 to 10
seconds which is normal and especially
if they aren't blinking think twice
before trusting what they're telling you
like it or not people always form their
first impression from the most
accessible source which is how you look
choose a style that will be appropriate
for this kind of conversation no need to
discuss your relationship wearing a suit
you know
leave soft speech to private talks and
hanging out with your BFFs
you should be a powerful force on the
stage so speak loudly and project your
voice when you are speaking in front of
big groups or across larger spaces yeah
we've all heard the most popular tried
and true tricks of how to tell if
someone is lying if they don't make eye
contact if they're fidgety etc but how
about this one someone is probably lying
to you if they leave out what are called
sensory details honest people will
include explanations of how something
sounded smell looked or felt like and
these are often the most important parts
of the story hearing an adult speak
slowly and calmly with a warm tone has a
calming effect on children and even on
pets adults notice this too if someone's
voice sounds cold tight and abrupt we
might assume that this means they're
unable to understand the feelings of
others it's not just in your head pay
attention to where someone's body is
leaning we usually lean toward things we
like and away from things we don't
according to Carl Jung a famous
psychologist if there's a trait that
bothers you and others it reflects those
parts of you that you deny or feel
insecure about thus a man who criticizes
others for their financial problems war
on the contrary financial success is
most likely worried about his income if
you want to be the master of your dreams
and make them more vivid and easy to
control you have to start playing video
games the reason is that both videogames
and night dreams represent alternate
realities your memories aren't set in
stone you tend to reconstruct them every
time you think of a particular memory
imagine that a memory is a short video
clip that starts somewhere in your brain
each time you return to this memory
certain nerve pathways fire noon but
these memories can change as a result of
new events that happen in your life
cuticle picking and lip biting are not
just bad habits for some people it's the
only way to relax when they're really
stressed people who laugh under their
breath find humor in things and
situations that leave others one
ringg what on earth are they laughing at
Snickers are easygoing smart and witty
they have a ton of friends and make new
ones
in a matter of minutes who doesn't like
a hakuna matata approach to life dilated
pupils speak of a romantic interest in
you or fear hmm those feelings often go
hand in hand and if the pupils are
smaller than normal watch out someone is
getting angry don't push too hard with
all the persuasion thing it may make
people feel uneasy and stressed when you
leave a choice you show respect and
willingness not to put a person in a bad
situation make it a habit to go through
your texts one more time before your
speech if there are any unknown words
there look them up or replace them with
something easier your vocabulary also
makes a difference learn one to five
words daily and try to use them in your
everyday life to memorize them better so
you're hosting a party and a group of
people start arguing it's getting pretty
intense what should you do go grab some
food for them eating has a calming
effect and everyone loves a good snack
they'll subconsciously start to feel
happier and more comfortable when you
feel confident and know what you're
doing you tend to raise the pitch of
your voice when negotiating or debating
with someone where are their wrinkles
most pronounced if their frown lines are
exaggerated it could mean lots of worry
or stress this person has probably had a
tough life or a lot of responsibilities
at work both of these factors can have a
real impact on a person's character
there are people who believe you
shouldn't trust others or rely on anyone
you'll only be let down on top of that
you shouldn't invoke trust either it's
hard to believe but people with road
rage tend to have a higher number of
bumper stickers on their cars regardless
of their content you don't exactly read
text the way you might think you do
despite what some researchers used to
believe in the past the brain doesn't
focus on word shapes it pays attention
to letter shapes and sequences first you
recognize the letters in a work and then
proceed to figure out the word as a
whole even if they're not in the right
order
if someone reacts to a joke with tilting
their head back and then laughing they
may be trying to hide that their
laughter is not really that genuine when
something especially comical happens
even the most serious and humble people
can't help but laugh except they do it
in their own peculiar way it's their
eyes that are laughing their mouth
corners go up but they make no sounds of
laughter whatsoever this is a clear sign
that they don't want any attention since
they're introverts and like to keep
their feelings to themselves looking
down can be a sign a person's
self-esteem is low that or they're
feeling nervous or guilty even if no
one's asking anything back from you give
a nod of appreciation to them even a
small token gift will do great when
you're known as a grateful person your
reputation will start working for you
your body language and the way you just
stick you late with your hands can also
make or break your performance you know
how yawns are contagious yeah
you can use that to your advantage if
you feel like someone is watching you
make yourself yawn make sure they see
you do it after your yawn look and see
if they're yawning too if they are now
you know they've been watching if hey
maybe it's a crush simply raising your
voice and talking over people in a sharp
cold way makes you sound like you're
trying to cover up your lack of
knowledge or experience not someone
people would trust a lead
during interactions you might have a
flash of insight about a person that
hits you out of nowhere beware of these
sudden alerts they can be critical in
helping you figure someone out you will
probably agree that success comes
through improvement but improvement is
closely connected with mistakes and
failure there's nothing wrong with
trying again and again you'll succeed
eventually in 2011 a Dutch study
published in the Journal of experimental
social psychology saw the light of day
according to this research silence
becomes especially awkward if it
disrupts the flow of conversation the
next fact that might burst your bubble a
little but it's a truth of life you're a
very poor predictor it turns out that
people tend to overestimate their
potential reactions to different future
events this is true both about negative
and positive things that might happen if
you spot someone laughing with their
mouth wide open but with perfectly
serious eyes that is you don't see
little wrinkles form on the outer
corners that's a mirthless or fake laugh
it's not possible to laugh with a stoic
facial expression at least not genuinely
this type will make an effort to produce
that haha sound so that they don't come
off as rude corners of the lips drawn
downward show the person is sad even if
they tell you otherwise saying someone's
name in a conversation is the key point
in establishing trustworthy
relationships fun fact on average we
spend 23 hours a week texting and when
you text someone to expect a quick
response most of the time delaying may
lead to missing opportunities if you ask
someone a question and you feel like
they're holding something back or not
telling the whole story keep nice long
eye contact with them and stay quiet the
long and silent stare will make them
uncomfortable and they'll do anything to
break that awkwardness you'll get your
answers in no time if we're stressed out
our vocal cords tend to tighten this
will make your voice sound crackly and
uneven you might also spit it
stumble over your words overall you'll
sound like you have pretty disorganized
speech humans as social creatures are
programmed to have empathy
it's the instinctual reaction of feeling
something that someone else is feeling
whether it's a friend that's grieving a
loss or one that's celebrating some
victory you just can't help but feel
with them too this may not fit into your
picture of a self-centered egotistical
[Music]
it--to other people are just as
negligent to themselves the color of the
walls in your office can affect how
productive you are if you want a
stimulating mind energizing environment
blue is the best color for you combining
blue with orange will not only make you
productive but will also make your mind
and emotions more balanced this is an
ideal combination for people who do mind
work all day
our voices are as unique as we are but
the voices of people who are considered
to be successful have a couple of things
in common
successful people's voices tend to be of
a lower warmer tone their words come out
evenly and their vocal cords won't be
tired they'll speak loudly enough to
make themselves heard but not so loudly
that they're unpleasant to listen to
they'll be very aware of their voice and
what it sounds like if they touch or
scratch their neck they're likely
insecure about something constantly
rubbing their nose is a notorious cue
that someone is lying or otherwise
trying to be deceptive
of course this person might just have a
really itchy face but chances are slim
the more convinced a person is that they
are right the less likely they are to
know the subject the problem is that
many facts change over time
but an overly confident person isn't
likely to check the truthfulness of
something they think they know have you
ever noticed that if you look down at
your phone you aren't hearing what the
person talking to you is saying it's a
clear sign that you're not listening for
people to pay attention to what you're
saying
keep direct eye contact with them while
you're talking you'll see that your
conversations will start becoming better
and more engaging when you do this
psychologists and sociologists have come
up with something called the Dunbar's
number not dumb and dumber the maximum
number of people with whom a person can
maintain close ties so even if you have
thousands of friends on Facebook you can
only have meaningful communication with
50 to 200 of them one alarming sign your
ideas won't be met with a round of
applause is when people squint while
listening to you squinting is a sign
people don't trust what they hear and
have lots of questions about that in
case a person is invading your private
space and casually touching your elbow
forearm or other body part during the
handshake with a free hand it's a sign
they really need company you decide how
to react to it start a conversation with
something like you know how important it
is to make or I've been thinking about
it for a long time show how important it
is for you to get what you need we often
think that our desires are easily
ignored but it's not always the case if
you're honest about it people will
listen something called the site narc
effect says that thinking about
unfinished things or business usually
lead to thoughts about other incomplete
or unresolved problems a creative person
may not actually talk much because
they're daydreaming people watching or
thinking deeply but when they do talk
they certainly won't be boring to listen
to
they'll have a wide vocabulary and we'll
talk annex
animated way the feeder said to be the
most honest part of the body oh if it
seems like your conversation partner is
listening to you but their feet are
pointed towards the door you should know
that they're actually thinking about how
they can get the heck out of there when
you try to be as close as possible to
another person that's mostly your
jealousy speaking such behavior can only
make your partner feel obliged to love
you and be loyal and that's not a
healthy relationship keeping eye contact
with someone can actually convince the
person you're conversing with to believe
what you're saying
this gives you some dominance in the
conversation you can even nod while
you're making certain points to further
prove how confident you are and what
you're saying don't be surprised when
you notice the other person nodding
along with you if you don't like the
answer someone has given you or it seems
they're not telling you the whole story
just keep staring at them in this
situation the silence will be so
unbearable that they'll be ready to tell
you anything just to end it after all
the purpose of a stair is persuasion our
body makes sure that our feet can react
right away if we sense a threat it's a
survival instinct we keep our legs
crossed when we feel comfortable but we
will instantly uncross them if a group
of strangers enters so that we can
quickly escape if necessary therefore
when a person feels bored their feet
will also be oriented toward the way out
or toward another person be careful if
you go shopping in a bad mood when
you're tired or if you feel scared
in this case logos and brands will have
the biggest effect on you
[Music]
you